Fast js updates (#33)
fast-af/devportal: developer-portal/fast-api-fastjs.md

## Add Fast.js to your page

On your product page, load the `fast.js` script:

Production:

```jsx
<script src="https://js.fast.co/fast.js"></script>
```

Sandbox:

```jsx
<script src="https://js.sandbox.fast.co/fast.js"></script>
```

## Use the Fast Checkout button - Standard Approach

> Properties can be added to allow for integration without Javascript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties can be added to allow for integration without JavaScript.
```

| **product_id**      | Required | product_id is the ID from the seller platform.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| **product_options** | Optional | product_options are a set of configurations that further describe the product being ordered. It is a key value map. It must be a valid JSON object. The key is the selection options and value is the choice for that selection. |
| **variant_id**      | Optional | variant_id represents a unique sub-idenfifier for this product. These are sometimes used to denote size / color, etc.                                                                                                            |
| **quantity**        | Optional | quantity is the number of items that should be purchased.                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | **currency**        | Optional | currency is the string value of currency for the purchased.                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **currency**        | Optional | currency is the string value of currency for the purchase.                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

> | **disabled**        | Optional | disbaled will prevent the button from fucntioning and show a disbaled state.                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **disabled**        | Optional | disabled will prevent the button from functioning and show a disabled state.                                                                                                                                                     |
```

🚨 It is important that you call `fast.checkout` synchronously within the `click` event handler. Many browsers will block new windows like Fast Checkout unless they are clearly connected to a user action such as clicking a button. If you perform asynchronous logic that takes several seconds, or call checkout in code in a different frame or window, the browser will prevent Fast Checkout from opening.

## Handle events from Fast Checkout

Once the user has clicked the Fast Checkout button, the Fast popup window will have launched and the user can continue with their checkout. While this is going on, you can listen for fast.js `postMessage` events if you want to keep up with the status of the order on your frontend.

> - `Buy Now - Button Clicked` is emited when "Fast Checkout" button clicked on poduct page.
> - `Checkout Cart - Button Clicked` is emited when "Fast Checkout" button clicked on cart page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Buy Now - Button Clicked` is emitted when the "Fast Checkout" button is clicked on the product page.
- `Checkout Cart - Button Clicked` is emitted when the "Fast Checkout" button is clicked on the cart page.
```

Both these events emit:

```json
{
  "cart_id": "string",
  "item_ids": [
    {
      "platform_item_id": { "value": "string", "platform": "string" },
      "platform_variant_id": { "value": "string", "platform": "string" },
      "platform_product_id": { "value": "string", "platform": "string" },
      "platform_sku": { "value": "string", "platform": "string" },
      "quantity": "string",
      "platform_name": "string",
      "option_values": [
        {
          "option_id": { "value": "string" },
          "option_value": { "value": "string" }
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

> - `Checkout - Order Created` is emited when the order has been submitted through Fast checkout.
> - `Checkout - Order Updated` is emited when the order has changed while inside the Fast checkout window
> - `Checkout - Order Cancelled` is emited when the order has been cancelled from inside the Fast checkout window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Checkout - Order Created` is emitted when the order has been submitted through Fast Checkout.
- `Checkout - Order Updated` is emitted when the order has changed while inside the Fast Checkout window.
- `Checkout - Order Cancelled` is emitted when the order has been canceled from inside the Fast Checkout window.
```

> These event emit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These events emit:
```

```json
{
  "ecommerce": {
    "purchase": {
      "actionField": {
        "id": "string",
        "affiliation": "string",
        "revenue": "string",
        "tax": "string",
        "shipping": "string",
        "country_code": "string",
        "coupon": ["string"],
        "checkout_time": "string"
      },
      "products": [
        {
          "name": "string",
          "id": "string",
          "price": "string",
          "country_code": "string",
          "quantity": "string",
          "coupon": "string",
          "brand": "string",
          "category": "string",
          "variant": "string"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

**Note**: All event properties have the potential to be undefined. You will need to check for undefined properties and values

> These events are useful if you wish to forward data to your analytics provider, or if you want to do things like redirect to an order complete page after the user has finished their order and closed the Fast window.

Reviewer: can you update the sample event watcher below to use an event that is real? 😅
